Using Diff to find the differences between two files helps
save time when trying to debug issues that arise from slight
changes to code and the possibility of spelling errors. 

being able to wade through hundreds or thousands of lines of code
with a tool that will only show you differences between the two
instead of hunting and pecking can save hours!

--

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

This would allow me to save time writing code that I may have already written
in a previous version.  if I did not have access to the complete history 
I would probably have to write and debug code over and over since it may have 
been something I deleted previously.

--

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit,
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros:
Being able to control the logical order of your saves.  
Saving only when your code will actually compile.

Cons:
Running the risk of forgetting to save

--

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

With files in Google Docs they are more than likley not related to each other, or if
they are related, Google Docs doesnt know that relationship.

In Git you will make a repository of files that are very related and so
will need to be committed together.

--

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log shows the complete history of commits for a repository.

git diff allows you to view the differences or changes between two commits.

--

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Being able to revert to old versions removes the wory about breaking things.
You can easily revert back and so it makes testing and playing with code a worry 
free task.

--

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I don't really have any specific uses yet, but using it for any of my future projects
seems like a very logical step.  I forsee it being a very helpfull tool.